Allow customer formatter (#332)
lint-todo/eslint-formatter-todo: README.md

```bash
UPDATE_TODO='1' TODO_DAYS_TO_WARN= '' TODO_DAYS_TO_ERROR='20' eslint . --format @lint-todo/eslint-formatter-todo
```

> ### Additional options for formatting output
> 
> This package will only format the data in todos with the default format; however, if you need to preserve the todo
> functionality while outputting in a different format for your CI system, you can set an additional environment
> variable `FORMAT_TODO_AS` which references a node module that is installed in your project. Note that additional
> functionality of this formatter is not supported (i.e., `UPDATE_TODO`, etc) when using the `FORMAT_TODO_AS` flag,
> this flag is strictly for modifying the command line output.
> 
> ```bash
> FORMAT_TODO_AS=@microsoft/eslint-formatter-sarif eslint . --format @lint-todo/eslint-formatter-todo
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional options for formatting output

This package will only format the data in todos with the pretty format. 

If you need to preserve the todo functionality while outputting in a different format for your CI system, you can set an additional environment variable, `FORMAT_TODO_AS`, which references a node module that is installed in your project. 

:warning: Note that additional functionality of this formatter is not supported (i.e., `UPDATE_TODO`, etc) when using the `FORMAT_TODO_AS` flag; this flag is strictly for modifying the command line output.

```bash
FORMAT_TODO_AS=@microsoft/eslint-formatter-sarif eslint . --format @lint-todo/eslint-formatter-todo
```
```
